Adding output info (#5928)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Get-TeamUser.md

```

## DESCRIPTION
Returns an array containing the UPN, UserId, Name and Role of users belonging to an specific GroupId.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```
Get-TeamUser -GroupId 2f162b0e-36d2-4e15-8ba3-ba229cecdccf -Role Owner
```

> This example returns the UPN, UserId, Name and Role of users belonging to the specified GroupId. 

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
This example returns the UPN, UserId, Name, and Role of the owners of the specified GroupId.
```
